This branch includes some tweaks to civilize the TICC master/slave mode,
which works in the main branch but doesn't allow some parameter tweaks that
would be useful when slaving multiple TICCs together.

At least for now, those changes include:

* ability to set the channel name -- so each board can have its own
channel IDs, e.g., chA and chB for the master, chC and chD for the
first slave, etc.  This may involve creating channel "metanames"
like ch0 and ch1 to represent the customized names.

* ability to set an offset value for each channel to account for
propagation delays of the 10 MHz and COARSE_CLK signals from board
to board.  

Both these parameters will be part of the sub-menu that appears
when you select "sYnc mode" from the startup menu.

To set the offset parameter, you will need to (a) use a single source 
to provide both 10 MHz and PPS signals (i.e., the two signals must be 
coherent to avoid drift that will complicate the calculations), (b) 
apply the same PPS signal to both channels of each board, taking enough 
readings (probably at least 100, maybe 1000) to average the noise down 
to a few picoseconds), then (c) calculate the average delay from master 
board ch0 to each other channel, and enter that into the offset value 
for that board/channel.

multi_ticc.py:

This is a Python 3 program intended to run on a Raspberry Pi to make it
serve as a "data aggregator" from multiple TICC boards.  Each TICC plugs
into one of the RPi USB ports.  multi_ticc.py captures all the TICC data
and makes it available on the RPi ethernet output as a set of TCP ports --
one containing all the channels multiplexed, and additionally one for
each channel.  So an 8 channel TICC system might have all 8 channels of
data on port 9120, chA data on 9121, chB data on 9122, etc.

multi_ticc.py accepts 4 command line parameters, with defaults appropriate
for a 4 board, 8 channel system (:

--comports      list of serial port device names
                (default: /dev/ttyACM0 /dev/ttyACM1 /dev/ttyACM2 /dev/ttyACM3)
--chnames       list of channel names
                (default: chA chB chC chD chE chF chG chH)
--baseport      lowest TCP port assigned (default 9120)
--baudrate      USB serial port speed (default 115200)

